README.md, before:

# HomeSys - Personal Management System

Welcome to HomeSys, your all-in-one personal management system designed to help you organize and enhance various aspects of your life.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Author](#author)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Introduction

HomeSys is a comprehensive web-based personal management system that combines essential features to simplify your life. From managing your to-do list and timetables to handling contacts, projects, appointments, payments, and events, HomeSys is your go-to solution for staying organized and productive.

## Features

### 1. To-Do List
- Create, edit, and mark tasks as done.


### 2. Timetables
- Personal Timetable: Plan your daily routine.
- Class Timetable: Manage your academic schedule with ease.

### 3. Contacts
- Maintain a centralized address book for your contacts.
- Categorize contacts and add relevant details.

### 4. Projects
- Track progress on personal and professional projects.


### 5. Appointments
- Schedule and manage appointments effortlessly.
- Receive reminders for upcoming appointments.(Coming Soon)

### 6. Payments
- Keep track of your financial transactions.
- Set reminders for recurring payments.(Coming Soon)

### 7. Events
- organize invited events, both personal and professional.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** React.js
- **Backend:** PHP
- **Database:** MySQL

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js
- npm (Node Package Manager)
- XAMPP (or any similar stack with PHP and MySQL)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/jumanjigobez/homesys.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
   - Ensure XAMPP is installed and appache is running at port default 80.

3. Configure the database:
   - Open XAMPP and start the Apache and MySQL     services.
   - Create a new MySQL database for HomeSys.
   - Import the SQL file located at PHP/homesys.sql into your newly created database.

4. Update backend configuration:
   - Open PHP/config.php and update the database credentials if needed.

5. Start the application:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
   - Ensure XAMPP's Apache server is still running.

6. Open your browser and go to http://localhost:3000 to use HomeSys.

## Screenshots
![login page](https://github.com/Jumanjigobez/HomeSys/assets/73429193/96f525bf-135a-48d7-89a5-bde9cea9eaaa)
![Home Page](https://github.com/Jumanjigobez/HomeSys/assets/73429193/c7a7c668-0467-4f14-94e7-b6dd8a960e28)
![projects page](https://github.com/Jumanjigobez/HomeSys/assets/73429193/d647cf7d-fc4d-4894-9878-fa0ba08b5c29)

![responsive](https://github.com/Jumanjigobez/HomeSys/assets/73429193/5166b7a0-39a7-469c-8d45-cdc59eb13c74)


## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas for improvements, bug fixes, or new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use, modify, and distribute it according to the terms of the license.

## Author

- Name - Juma Chaje
- Portfolio Page - [Jumanjigobez](https://jumanjigobez.github.io/personal_portfolio)
- Instagram Page - [@Jumanjicasilas](https://instagram.com/jumanjicasilas)
- Youtube Channel - [@Jumanji_Dev](https://youtube.com/@jumanji_dev)

## Contact
For any inquiries or support, please contact [Email Now](jumagobe3@gmail.com)

Thank you for the Star and choosing HomeSys! I hope it helps you manage and enhance every aspect of your life effectively. 😎👌

Commit message:

Update README.md with the live link

README.md, after:

# HomeSys - Personal Management System

Welcome to HomeSys, your all-in-one personal management system designed to help you organize and enhance various aspects of your life. View Live Now -> [Live Link](https://homesys.000webhostapp.com/)

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Author](#author)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Introduction

HomeSys is a comprehensive web-based personal management system that combines essential features to simplify your life. From managing your to-do list and timetables to handling contacts, projects, appointments, payments, and events, HomeSys is your go-to solution for staying organized and productive.

## Features

### 1. To-Do List
- Create, edit, and mark tasks as done.


### 2. Timetables
- Personal Timetable: Plan your daily routine.
- Class Timetable: Manage your academic schedule with ease.

### 3. Contacts
- Maintain a centralized address book for your contacts.
- Categorize contacts and add relevant details.

### 4. Projects
- Track progress on personal and professional projects.


### 5. Appointments
- Schedule and manage appointments effortlessly.
- Receive reminders for upcoming appointments.(Coming Soon)

### 6. Payments
- Keep track of your financial transactions.
- Set reminders for recurring payments.(Coming Soon)

### 7. Events
- organize invited events, both personal and professional.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** React.js
- **Backend:** PHP
- **Database:** MySQL

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js
- npm (Node Package Manager)
- XAMPP (or any similar stack with PHP and MySQL)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/jumanjigobez/homesys.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
   - Ensure XAMPP is installed and appache is running at port default 80.

3. Configure the database:
   - Open XAMPP and start the Apache and MySQL     services.
   - Create a new MySQL database for HomeSys.
   - Import the SQL file located at PHP/homesys.sql into your newly created database.

4. Update backend configuration:
   - Open PHP/config.php and update the database credentials if needed.

5. Start the application:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
   - Ensure XAMPP's Apache server is still running.

6. Open your browser and go to http://localhost:3000 to use HomeSys.

## Screenshots
![login page](https://github.com/Jumanjigobez/HomeSys/assets/73429193/96f525bf-135a-48d7-89a5-bde9cea9eaaa)
![Home Page](https://github.com/Jumanjigobez/HomeSys/assets/73429193/c7a7c668-0467-4f14-94e7-b6dd8a960e28)
![projects page](https://github.com/Jumanjigobez/HomeSys/assets/73429193/d647cf7d-fc4d-4894-9878-fa0ba08b5c29)

![responsive](https://github.com/Jumanjigobez/HomeSys/assets/73429193/5166b7a0-39a7-469c-8d45-cdc59eb13c74)


## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas for improvements, bug fixes, or new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use, modify, and distribute it according to the terms of the license.

## Author

- Name - Juma Chaje
- Portfolio Page - [Jumanjigobez](https://jumanjigobez.github.io/personal_portfolio)
- Instagram Page - [@Jumanjicasilas](https://instagram.com/jumanjicasilas)
- Youtube Channel - [@Jumanji_Dev](https://youtube.com/@jumanji_dev)

## Contact
For any inquiries or support, please contact [Email Now](jumagobe3@gmail.com)

Thank you for the Star and choosing HomeSys! I hope it helps you manage and enhance every aspect of your life effectively. 😎👌
